Should be at least
this thing on.
Yeah, we're good. All right. So, here's
the plan. I had a million people to
schedule meetings with.
any of them might message me at any
time, but provided that they don't, I'm
going to be working on the drone stuff
for like another hour now before I head
into SF for an event.
If anybody's in SF and wants to say hi
that while I'm in there as well.
All right, so um
I pretty much just wanted to mess around
with
swarming stuff. Yeah.
drone
going to be a fixed size drone
on the racing task. This works
incredibly incredibly well, right?
Oh yeah, I should bring people stickers
and that stuff. That'd be fun.
I have all of these. Are these dated? Oh
yeah, these are my first set of business
cards for Puffer.
Here, I'll show these.
This is when I was going to do Puffer
for only games.
We have way cooler stuff. Wait, I have
Hang on. I just realized I will do this
while this is training.
I also have my second set of business
cards
for Puffer.
These were for Nurups.
I guess these aren't really business
cards as much as they're advertising
cards for the uh the stuff I was doing
in my PhD.
Fun.
I have some of my uh my new ones that
I'll bring to uh the conference. I don't
think I have that many left. I got to
order more.
All right. So, this thing is passing 20
some odd rings. Yeah, this is really
good. So, definitely there is a problem
with uh the bigger drone form factor.
See if we can do swarming with uh the
non
randomized drone.
I think we should be able to.
I have to check if I broke it though.
We'll just tighten the bounce if uh this
doesn't work. Yeah, there's also the
physics improvements that Finn and Sam
sent me. I got to integrate those.
This is already way better. At least
stable training.
Hey, welcome uh Ken Bert.
Get my ray stream chat up on a separate
way. See what is going on.
Okay, so like this looks like it's going
to solve, right?
I say we play around with the boundary
conditions a little bit here.
Don't need to wait for this time. So
play with the boundary conditions a
little bit.
It should be
you develop a little bit of intuition
here. It should be easier to learn with
the smaller drone, I think.
Let's see if that's true.
That's learning quite quickly. Yeah.
Does it get above eight
for a little bit? Then I think what's
going to happen is we're going to try
the bigger drone size and then that
one's not going to train. My prediction.
Then if that's the case, then basically
you just have to figure out what the uh
the range is where this model is stable.
Go from there.
I have to let it train at least a little
bit because so far this looks worse.
I guess it's possible that the dynamics
just don't make sense outside this
range, right?
What if we do
one
four?
We solve with this
like some randomization factor of four.
I guess then we'll have to tune the
physics for the bigger ones.
Okay, so this works way better. So we
are actually able to do this problem
reasonably well. Uh, we just have to do
it within the bounds
of
a reasonable like drone size. I think
when it gets too small, it gets too
zippy to even control precisely. And
when it gets too large, it's kind of
just too dopey and slow.
This is a good uh this is a good result
here.
Quite confident with that
now.
23 rings was the ceiling. We're going to
cut that in half because half of the
time we're not doing racing. A good
score would be like 11 or 12. A very
good score would be like 11 or
rings
It's like training, but it's not
not amazing.
Like the rings are going up, but the PF
isn't right.
Oh, unless this gets divided by two.
Yeah, it might not actually be perfectly
comparable.
Well, let's just see what rings past
gets to.
then we should have at least a decent
enough policy.
And obviously once we have a decent
enough policy, we can run the hyper pram
sweep.
The collision rate is still very high.
Not a big fan of that.
Oh, wait though. I don't think we're
doing
I don't think that they count in the
racing end. So, I think that's
artificially high.
Now, the rings past actually did take a
big hit.
Let's see if I can actually get this
working on the uh local hardware.
It was a bit fiddly last time.
I had an idea on what to do.
I don't know why we don't get the CPU
version of puffer lab. I mean the CPU
version of uh PyTorch.
Should have given it to us.
Oh, this is why
was defaulted to freaking
Windows
There we go. Now it's installing
correctly.
Hey, Plasma.
Welcome.
I guess it's cuz we have NVCC, right?
So, it's going to try to install the
CUDA version.
I can fix it just real quick.
You find review a small PR. I can
attempt to one second.
I will check in one sec here. Captain,
let me just finish this thought.
kind of getting such a pain.
What do we have here?
Okay. So this was this thing that you
deleted was a PR from somebody else I
believe who um really wanted this to not
like if you have auto as a variable cuz
that's a string it breaks if you then
try to pass like a different argument
type like if you have PPD horizon auto
oh that's your PR okay cool so you
improved it even better.
Yeah, that looks good. Looks looks yolo.
Looks good. I'll fix it if it's broken.
Thank you.
Yeah, I didn't like that PR earlier cuz
it was kind of like a bunch of extra
crap to do that. So, that is better.
Yay. Thank you,
I also made a small PR. What's your
small PR?
Uh I don't Does this work for
everything?
Oh, you changed this is the saving logic
as well. Yes. Okay.
I don't think you needed args like load
policy like this. I think that
technically you have end of name in
args.
Have to add this extra thing but I can
I keep that for now. I guess I would be
non-breaking. I probably just keep now.
So, I'll just yolo it.
Sometimes I just yolo the little PRs and
then I revert them when they break [ __ ]
You mean it's blocked due to failing
merment.
small PR merged
ready for review I
you know it's like I we don't want more
process want fewer processes okay
I don't
no processes the best number of
processes
out of the tiny tiny boxes.
Uh
yeah, they mostly work. Like I didn't
get them put back together nicely like
cases kind of hang off and stuff, but
they do work.
I mean, like, I do endorse them, just
not as wholeheartedly as I would like to
be able to is all. They're still better
than other crap you can buy.
Okay.
So,
Hey Kevin,
looks like my PR didn't merge.
What?
I messed that up.
Do you have any advice on getting
through interview process at Frontier AI
Lab?
Well, the thing is they changed their
interview processes a whole bunch. When
I did my open AI internship, they had a
really good interview process. They just
invited me to come give a talk that was
open to the whole company on my research
and then they had me talk to like four
of their researchers for an hour each.
Like if you can't figure out if somebody
knows what they're talking about from
that, I like no other interview process
is going to save you. So that was great
because I could just talk about my
research and like they could see I knew
what I was talking about. If you have to
do more formal stuff, then you just have
to grind whatever stupid evaluations
they've decided to adopt,
which is just [ __ ]
And frankly, the best way to get hired
at a one of those labs is to have them
like headhunt you, right?
That's the honestly the best answers
like to be good enough that they're
head-hunting
Yeah, that is the best interview for
Matt Plasma.
Yeah. So this is the policy that we
trained.
Hey bet.
Hey. How's it going?
We have to simplify. I know, man. It's
the build system in Python. It's so bad.
I don't know what to do about it. I'm
too tired to think about it too much.
Are you sick? That's rough, man.
Doing better.
Where the hell is my
obnoxious?
Probably in like program files or some
[ __ ]
However, Windows does its dumb stuff.
That screenshot's not vid that's not
recording,
right?
Okay, it's not in here, so I don't know
what the heck.
I guess technically there's a built-in
one, right?
file. Oh yeah, it's control
Fn F12.
Pull record.
Oh, I guess it is just in this, huh?
Thanks, Bet.
Go put this to uh to them so they can
see this.
So, um
I'm going to just take the same policy
and mess around with this a little bit
cuz I got to go in I think 20 30
minutes. This is just going to be a
short stream. I got to go into SF today
on merge PR. Let me fix that plasma.
A [ __ ] I I did not Did I miss a
message?
Yeah, I don't really like going into SF,
but like I'm just going right to um some
people's place to like chat about
optimizers.
It's like the optimizer people who
originally suggested Muan for Puffer,
which ended up being massive. So,
is SF that bad?
I mean, it's kind of just shitty and
dangerous.
It's kind of like the city's kind of
pathetic, honestly.
What? How did I miss your PR? I thought
it was here.
How much exercise? Not that much. I
mean, I ran I ran the first 5K that I've
run in over a month because of my knee.
I still need to get a PT, but at least I
can run a little bit. I did some
weights.
I did it was I only did like I deadlift
like 335 for five, but like normally I
pull from I was pulling 350 from like 4
in off the ground. So now I'm doing it
level.
Like it's some effort, I guess. Not bad.
No, I just ran like to the dish
basically.
What are we going to do for knee PT? I
don't know. I'm going to go find a PT.
Be like fix me.
levels not necessarily better.
Have someone come to you.
I could, but like it's like the one good
thing with the California being this
dense is it's it's probably like a
10-minute walk. Palo Alto,
I want my shoulder fixed, man. That's
the main thing. Like I actually between
today and yesterday I've been able to
bench for the first time in over like
pretty much two months as well.
Um but it's just it's not what it was. I
can still bench like a plate for 20.
But before I hurt my shoulder, I was
doing like 210 for 10 cold
I'm much grumpier as well when I don't
get to like lift properly.
Yeah, that's what happened. Plasma, I
didn't get I didn't really get hurt
doing something stupid. I just like guys
like threw me off. It was annoying.
But I haven't got like none of my
injuries that have been
from like max lifts really. All my
injuries have just been like repetitive
strain.
So
at least all like the ones that were
anything to write home about.
Like you're going to get those whether
you'd lift light or not.
right, let's get the thing that I wanted
to do here.
I just do this in the config.
I'm trying to think if I should like get
myself
I wake up for this SF trap.
mainly just need some sleep.
My family is here and they've got a new
puppy and uh it likes to bark at 2 in
the morning. Real fun.
What the heck are you guys doing?
Oh, they're actually right. That's
crazy,
huh?
Kind of cool, isn't it?
Keep up the good work. Thanks, Phillip.
This is pretty cool. If I give him like
10 rings,
Do you think it'll actually train like
this? Do you think there's any chance or
no?
This isn't No, this is not an eval bet.
I just like I literally Well, I mean
this is like what this this is an eval
but like I didn't train on this. I
trained on just the simpler one.
experimenting using RL techniques on
myself. I do aim training and augment my
sensitivity.
I've tried that.
I think the results of that have been
pretty mixed though. Phillip, I'm a bad
person to ask though. My aim sucks.
I think I peaked like low silver in
Valerant and then like bottom of gold
playing tank in Overwatch.
I didn't see what just happened. Were
there no rings on the screen and they
were all just chilling?
pretty nice.
All right, so
That wouldn't make any sense
at All
I don't know what's up with Tatsuo,
honestly.
like he was doing all sorts of cool
low-level C stuff before the crypto. I
really don't know what's up with all
that stuff.
I think it is actually like semi-legit
in the sense that like he's basically
trying to figure out a way to use
tokenization to fund dev projects to
make like more grassroots open source
stuff. The thing is like how do you
actually link a token to a project in
any meaningful way without it just
becoming a [ __ ] show is I don't know
right.
So yeah, I don't know.
Tens of thousands. Why Why would you do
that? Unless you're buying Bitcoin,
whatever.
I only track per over time in aim
trainer.
I don't know. I did I did that for a
little bit and it kind of helped.
Oh, that's why
So, um, is Y up or is Z up?
We just guess.
I do need to make it so that you can
compile one end.
I don't think you can drive the drones
in this sim. Honestly, it really
wouldn't make much sense because like I
wouldn't be able to do it. It's like raw
control to each of the uh the motors.
Like the uh the actual drone pilots are
like cracked out kids that are probably
GM in every game they play.
Yeah. I don't like I didn't realize
this, but if you go look at like the
drone champion racing or like a lot of
the kids are it's like 16year-old kids
kind of screwed up when you realize that
they're going straight to military, I'm
sure. But
whatever.
I mean, that's not the issue. It's
military is not bad. It's just kind of
young.
I mean, they probably wait a couple
years to be real.
Actually,
I don't that doesn't even make sense.
I'm just booked. Yeah. Know, I totally
had friends who were like like aiming to
join military when they were 16 and then
didn't 18
I don't know. It's It works for a bunch
of people.
In soft play, I can have both black and
white move.
No, you can't bet.
The annoying bit about it.
cuz like tech like you'll screw up the
LSTM completely. But technically, right,
you can just make it like the same agent
take both sides like one after another
and that's the simplest way of doing it.
That's like really freaking screwy and
probably doesn't work.
Yeah, but like how do you do credit
assignment, right, bet? cuz like you're
going to back prop reward across both
players steps.
You see the problem?
Yeah,
they're workarounds. It's annoying
though.
I'll help you figure that out. Not now
We have like there's like one of the one
of the things we used to use masking
for. I'll just have to make that work
again.
Yeah. 709. Um, so this mostly works now.
You push this.
Oh, I that's fine. We'll leave it like
this for now. Um,
All right.
So, I'm going to go uh
go to my meet up in SF
probably then go get some afterwards
shortly.
I will be back tomorrow morning.
I currently have clear cow for tomorrow.
So I probably will schedule some extra
meetings and things but time being the
plan is to just come back and dev. Thank
you for tuning in folks.
More dev ideally much fresher than this
tomorrow.
Puffer.ai for all the things want to
support my work for free or the repo
than that. You can join Discord to get
involved with dev or follow me on X for
more RL content.